How a scene Should do things.
    - Takes the scene's collection of entities 
    - Checks every entity if they have the required components
        -> If they have those components they are manipulated.

    update method changes everything and the things that is run in the game loop


SPAWNING ENEMY

I want enemy to spawn outside a radius that is set away from the base.

move inward towards the base. 


next is enemy spawner..



NEXT TODO: ANIMATION


Currently doing:
    make the player animate when changing directions..

Start to implement a autoaiming gun.



in the final game feature add something you now about the 9kings and farming

GAME IDEA:
    there are other bases aside from my base. From there enemy spawns and will attack my base or me.


todo
1. create another base the spawns enemies.
2. Make enemies that follow your player and enemies that go Straight to your base






TODO: 
 -> Explain how Pointner system works

 -> Make entities that recieve config declare the config parameter as optional

 -> Optimize by returning early or using coninue to out a loop when has() return false.

 -> Make button display creation more modular


 SPECIAL NOTE
 - I have been using the same grid for collision and projectile hit detection
    > This could be a problem because I inserted objects only in the collision part and then using it again for the projectile collison check in the projectile system.




create 2 grids for where enemies are and players

check the grids

May help the performance if the enemy already change its target from the main target once it should be skipped from checking again. Or if the main target and target is not tahe same skip the narrowphase check.




key feature

- The base can summon ships 
- A farming and attack drones 
    > A farming drone will only scan for asteriods or farm entities
    > attack drones can switch to either persiu player or attack base
        > If no nearby players around choose to attack mainTarget
        > If there is a nearby player check whether if nearby or main target is closer then attack the closest


- Place Asteriods accross the map bias in the center
    I created zones where asteriods will be spawned
    each can spawn different numberse of asteriods

    the center will have most asteriods then gets lesser the farther from the center






PROBLEMS FOUND

- When scanning for new nearest entity
    all entities tries to run the find_nearest function all at once causes a frame spike

    solution i think
     - Make every farm only be targeted by one farmer.

- When restarting
    Need to pause and reset systems accordingly when restarting
     5